about to go through this trap door.
Boom.
>> This is probably the most insane shot.
>> She is freaking out. I don't really know
of other shows that do that. Pretty
heartbreaking.
We're about to break down the biggest
moments from Beast Games season [music]
2. We're going to be going frame by
frame. VFX shots, behind the scenes. So
many things that you don't see while
watching season 2. What you see here is
not VFX. When I take a step, they were
actually manually triggering the lights
in the back. But this shot right here is
me in front of a green screen. $5
million. One of the largest cash prizes
in the history of entertainment and
we're just casually giving away another
million. Yo complicated it is to move a
stage of that [music] size that high in
the air. I'm a big believer in what
Steve Jobs said. Art can't be made
through focus groups. She has no idea
that that game was ripped. He said more
after he stopped speaking. Our editors
are so freaking good. Look at how big
that guy's arm is.
>> I arm wrestled this guy. Pretty sure he
could beat you with his pinky. Broken
number one. I've only been buried alive
multiple times. What is going on here?
This is my first time seeing this
footage. What What is this?
What better place to start than the
intro of episode one. Check this out.
This is such a cool shot. Yeah. Season
two. Very simple.
>> Okay. Wait. Okay. Yeah. I I already know
what you're about to say. So, this shot
right here is me in front of a green
screen. I'm sure you could probably dig
up the unedited footage. This is me in
front of a green screen right here. Now,
this is me actually on the set about to
welcome the contestants.
>> Yeah. So, this is in Vegas. Like, we
were with you here. Did you already know
that the beginning was going to be that
VFX shot or did you have that idea
afterwards?
>> So, this whole mic coming down, me
grabbing it, this was definitely a thing
we did afterwards. You were there when
we shot the actual intro. We thought it
was going to be an orbit shot, very
similar to season 1. The problem is it
was similar to season 1. And so, we
decided in post like we need something
completely fresh and different. And
that's where we landed with the mic
coming down.
>> Once again, I am standing on $5 million
of real cash, an unboundly large amount
of money. But this year, competing.
>> Look at that. What a cool shot. Look at
all those light up. And I think that's
practical what you saw there that I
don't think this is VFX. It's just I we
did that shot so many times. This is
probably the day before on rehearsal
day. And we have these cables here on
the side. So the money can go up and
down, which becomes relevant later in
episode one. We want to keep it simple
at the start.
>> COMPETING FOR THIS MONEY, 100 of the
strongest contestants on the entire
planet.
>> Versus versus
>> 100. This is so cool.
>> of the smartest contestants in the
world.
>> So, it's those orbit shots.
>> How How do you guys get this shot?
>> So, what you see here, obviously, we
didn't have these little things going
around, but I'm pretty sure you shot
this. We had this orbit camera that
would basically revolve around them and
uh they just kind of spliced it all
together so it looks like one continuous
shot FOR
>> YOU ARE WITNESSING THE FIRST TIME IN
human history. The 100 strongest and the
100 smartest have ever been in the same
room. Will it be BRAINS OR BICEPS THAT
wins beast games?
>> What a good line. Brains or biceps? I
like that line. ONLY ONE OF THESE 200
contestants is going TO WIN $5 MILLION.
I'm Jimmy Donaldson, also known as M.
>> Yep. I'm Jimmy Donaldson, also known as
Mr. Be. So,
>> do we need that at this point?
>> Uh, like like who whose decision was it
to put that in there?
>> Here's the thing. I'm a big believer in
what Steve Jobs said, which is art can't
be made through focus groups. I don't
typically care what focus groups say,
but in this aspect when we were showing
this to some people beforehand, quite a
bit of them didn't understand that I was
Mr. Beast or YouTuber. I don't know why.
I don't It doesn't make any sense. It's
literally called Beast Games. So, we put
that in because I like I do care when
focus groups are confused,
>> but if that makes sense. So, when focus
groups are consistently saying that
like, hey, people aren't understanding
that, that's actually when I find them
good. I don't rely on focus groups to
help me tell a story or do some creative
innovation. You're never going to get it
from them.
>> The biggest COMPETITION SHOW IN THE
history of television. Who's excited for
season two?
[cheering]
>> This isn't A COMPETITION. THAT MONEY'S
MINE, BABY. OVER. Anybody hear that
game? Might as well,
>> bro. Like, all right. Look at how big
that guy's arm is. Like, I'm just going
to circle it. I mean, it's bigger than
your head.
Fun fact, I arm wrestled this guy and I
lost terribly.
>> Of course.
>> Yeah. [laughter] Thanks, J.
>> I mean, I'm pretty sure he could beat
you with his pinky.
>> Broken. [laughter]
>> Wow.
>> That game. Might as well just go home.
>> I got three kids. I'm here to pay for
their colleges, pay off my house, pay
off my debt, set my kids up for die for
this money.
>> All right. So, as you'll see right here,
this massive set we built is basically
like a foot or two off the ground. Not
that crazy. We have these trap doors.
Everyone looks happy. But watch this.
>> At last, send us up.
>> I say send us up. The lights turn red.
Look at her face. Look how nervous she
is. Let me move the frames. Look at her.
She is freaking out.
[laughter] That's crazy.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> We raise the the stage.
>> This is lit. Yo, complicated it is to
move a stage of that size that high in
the air. Oh my gosh, so much engineering
went into this.
[screaming]
Boom. Look at that. That was just for
that shot. I mean, cuz obviously it
would have been way cheaper just to have
the stage built up there and not have
the ability to move it up and down,
build the platform up. But we really
wanted to get that organic surprise
where they're like, "Oh my gosh, we're
going in the air." So, we spent a ton of
money just to be able to do that.
Another thing I thought was interesting,
this airbag here, like we were told cost
millions of dollars, it's like engineer
just in case like, you know, people are
like falling at the bottom there. The
other thing I thought was interesting,
Jimmy, is that last year you guys rented
one of the world's biggest hangers for
Beast Game season 1. This time actually
this structure you guys built from
scratch. Is that right?
>> Yeah. So this is what's called a sprung
structure which is like a massive tent
that we built in the middle of a desert
and u that way we could customize it. We
could, you know, not have to share some
other studio space or whatnot. And so
every literally every single thing you
see in this frame, everything we had to
build from scratch just for Beast Games.
>> The first game will be taking place far
down below you. But how are you going to
get all the way down there?
>> What could it be?
>> I know my line so well.
>> Down there are figuring it out.
>> Open the doors. Oh, I said trap doors.
No, I messed it up.
>> Oh
my god.
>> I know. I literally know all these
shots. I know what's about to play
before it even plays. I can do this
reaction with my eyes closed.
below each of you.
>> I'm going to play it frame by frame.
This is a literal drone. Watch. It's
about to go through this trap door.
Speed ramp. Boom. Such a cool shot as
it's showing off the set.
>> And at the end of that rope are blocks
attached to a weight and each player's
weight.
>> That was a cool transition. Yeah.
>> To be exactly. One thing I think our
team does exceptionally well at, I don't
even know how we became so cracked at
it, is all our graphics, oop, I'm just
like moving the table. I'm so excited.
All our graphics are so on point. Like
anytime in our YouTube channel on Beast
Games, we have visuals pop up. They are
always phenomenal. It's so amazing when
it comes to things like Beast Games
because these graphics obviously help
distill very complex topics into
something very simple. Here, bag 33% of
weight human. Duh. you know,
>> bottom of the pole below you. Grab the
rope with your custom weight. Hoist it
up to you. How did they make off the
weight and without falling, return to
the surface with the blocks and stack
them in the color order, I tell you.
>> Oh, why?
>> The heaviest weight that I see is 98 lb.
>> OH MY GOSH. WAIT, I THINK HE MIGHT BE
THE FIRST ONE UP.
>> OH, YOU PRESS THE BUTTON. PRESS THE
BUTTON.
MATTERS.
>> OKAY, now I want to fast forward to the
next scene. I want to talk about this
because I feel like we're entering
another world. Wow. So, this door is
opening. Watch this. This is all real.
No VFX.
When I step on the floor, I'm glad I'm
actually glad we're doing this, right?
What you see here is not VFX. When I
take a step, they were actually manually
like triggering the lights in the back.
So, this is all real. No VFX. I know.
Like no one's going to believe me when I
say that cuz it looks so cool. Look at
that. Boom.
>> Contestants.
>> Come on in. That was so cool. I have
always had a thing for really white
rooms. Now, hear me out. That's a crazy
sentence, but we did a video where I did
like 24 hours in solitary confinement
and it was like this white room and I
really This is many, many years ago. I
just really like the vibe of that set.
And I've told the team for so long that
I want to do like a giant warehouse
decked out in white, which is kind of
why in season one when we did the cubes,
the whole thing was white around the
cubes. I really always just wanted like
uh I'm sure there's a wide shot coming
up. For the most part, it's just a big
white room. It just looks very sleek and
clean and it helps you really focus on
what you want people to focus on. And
anyways, while I was talking about the
white rooms, something else we need to
talk about is what you see here. This is
also 100% real. This floor, I'm going to
move it frame by frame. This is an
effect on this video floor that is being
keyed in. This red circle is real as
they're walking out. So, we had so many
people behind the scenes that we're
having to queue and and do all this
perfectly in real time.
>> Was this the world's largest video
stage? I think you guys broke a record
for this.
>> That that point of filming, it was the
largest video floor in the world.
5,180ish
square ft. Uh I mean, we weren't going
for a Guinness World Record, but we got
one.
>> Yeah. And I also wanted to point out all
the hidden cameras here. Like we were
talking to Russ like during this
episode, your DP, and just like making
sure that there's nothing around like
people like dressed in white if they
were like shooting here. Like we weren't
even allowed.
>> Don't ruin my white room aesthetic. You
guys know how I like those.
>> Yeah. So like the attention to detail
here is amazing.
>> It it it should feel like you're on a
different planet, a different world, a
different just uh universe, right? Which
is very sci-fi.
>> What is this?
>> This is crazy.
>> What's going on? It's like a mental
asylum.
>> Yeah.
>> What is this?
>> Don't be scared. Just line up around the
circle. Strong people,
>> smart people on the other.
>> This might be your only chance to walk
away with guaranteed money. [laughter]
>> It's in person in there. People don't
know this, but we had someone sneak into
our set. Like literally, I I didn't
know. And this is when I found out.
Okay, this is probably the most insane
shot of the show.
Wait. So, what is going on here? This is
my first time seeing this footage. What?
What is this?
>> You helped him hide on my video.
>> I plead the fifth, Jimmy. I plead the
fifth. Okay, this is I
>> You're sneaking people into my videos.
[laughter] I was wondering how he got
there.
I I almost stepped on him. I So, I ended
up finding him while filming.
>> This is This is Ara here. It It It's 7
hours of like body paint dressed as a
money pile. Like, can we play the moment
where you discovered Arak? IT TAKES TO
WIN THAT $5 MILLION OVER THERE. When you
look at this money, what do you see? $5
million in cash. That cuz that's what I
saw. [laughter]
>> I don't know. Something may or may not
be going on right here.
>> Oh, what? Money.
Let's keep watching. Is there someone in
the line?
>> Wait, what do you mean? It looks like
someone's breathing.
>> Interesting. That's That's definitely I
in there.
>> Yeah. So, the contestant Jack you saw
there pointed out that the money was
moving. I went over and then I could
kind of see a sliver of a an outline of
a face.
>> And this is when all cameras are
rolling. Yeah. Like the show is
>> we're we're like kneede and filming one
of the largest unscripted shows in
history and this is just happening. But
I mean actually I don't see him.
>> Oh my [laughter] god.
>> Why is this money moving?
>> Oh no.
>> What is going on?
>> I just took a nap. Let's take a nap.
>> Yo, he's snuck in here. Are you kidding
me? I found you.
>> Yeah, you did. Oh my gosh.
>> Okay, that was fair and square.
>> DANG IT.
>> NOW IT'S ONE.
>> Everyone laugh.
>> Yeah, he also hid. And uh the earlier
part of episode one, I didn't find him.
He hid as a guard. So then uh that's why
I said one one cuz I didn't find him
there. I found him now. So we're tied.
>> Laugh at him. We found him if you don't
mind. [cheering]
>> Yeah,
>> I forgot I did that.
>> Also, this is pretty my money. So
>> no, I was trying to sneak about 100K out
or something.
>> Back to the show. I'm about to bribe
him. You got to get out of here. That
was one of over 40 collabs that I ended
up filming. That one I didn't know I was
filming. That was one of the more weird
of the 41s. But yeah, the entire time we
were filming season 2, I was collabing
with like Haley Bailey, Eric, apparently
Matthew Beam. We did some stuff with
Brett Rivera. I mean, tons of creators.
>> Yeah. Like over 40. And I saw like on
your team like San who was leading
marketing for Beast Games. Like we'll go
back and forth with them on ideas.
>> Guards, come on in. As you can all see,
the guards are carrying 10 briefcases
totaling at $1 million. People might be
numb because of Beast Games season 1,
but just as a reminder, we're still in
the first episode of a show with one of
the largest cash prizes in the history
of entertainment, and we're just
casually giving away another million
dollars, which I just want to point out
how crazy that is because this is the
prize pool of Survivor, of most shows,
and we're just giving it out at the end
of an episode. I also I mean I'm waiting
for this reveal because I think like
like most people
>> reveal those are just guards. What do
you mean they're just guards? I'm
totally not going to hit play and reveal
something.
>> By now you could tell how obsessed Jimmy
is about every single detail in his
videos. But here's one detail that too
many creators still get wrong. Their
domain names. And that's why I want to
thank our friends at dosstore domains
for sponsoring today's video. From Mr.
Beast.store to speed.store to our very
own created.store. So many creators
trust do.Store to get their branding
right. Like when we launched our created
apparel line, we knew that we needed the
perfect domain to share our caps,
sweatshirts, hoodies, [music] and more.
And and we weren't going to go with some
lengthy.com link that nobody can
remember. So we went with created.store.
After all, your brand name followed by a
do.store [music] domain is easy to
share, remember, and trust. Plus,
websites with a dosstore domain drive 2x
higher visibility because people know
what to expect as soon as they see a
dotstore in the link. So, if you're a
creator selling merch or really anything
digital or physical or planning to, then
use my link below to get a special deal
to get your do. Store domain for $1 for
the first year before somebody else gets
it [music] so you can sell more with
your dots store. And now back to the
video.
That's a lot of money.
>> Seeing that much money come out is
insane.
>> To receive this $100,000 PRIZE, YOU
DON'T have to eliminate your friends.
All you have to do is eliminate
yourself.
is eliminate yourself.
>> This show is a once in a-lifetime
opportunity. 100K is not even
comparable. The math ain't math.
>> He's not even on the smart team.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. We can tell because actually
there's 100 people here, right? Your
odds of winning are
>> 1%.
>> 1%. And so the expected value 1% of 5
million is
>> 50 grand.
>> But you can get out here for 100 grand.
So, this is actually double your
expected value of playing the game. So,
actually, Mitch, the math is mathing.
>> Imagine going home with nothing when you
can go home with $100,000 in cash and a
lifechanging amount of money.
>> 10 [music] people can hurry up and
leave.
>> I'm here to win it all.
>> We're here for the game.
>> I'm not going to lie. I am debating it.
>> Oh, wait. That's Oh my gosh.
>> Wow. Wait.
>> That would have fundamentally changed
the whole show if he took this.
>> I am debating it. 50 people about to
leave right now. So,
>> IF YOU DON'T THINK YOU HAVE WHAT IT
TAKES TO WIN THAT $5 MILLION OVER THERE,
THIS MIGHT BE YOUR ONLY CHANCE TO WALK
AWAY WITH GUARANTEED MONEY.
>> But there's going to be a catch.
>> Like, do you think there's a catch? I
don't think there's going to be catch.
>> And now the big reveal. This is what we
called avocado. So, none of our
employees would leak it.
>> So, avocados are just a code name that
everybody said on set so that all the
contestants wouldn't find out. So
basically we were worried that our
employees or people working on the set
cuz sometimes we had over a thousand
people on the set working on beast games
would accidentally leak it. So we kept
the identities of the 10 guards super
tightknit and whenever we would
reference those guards we' call them the
avocado and we kept it where only like a
dozen people actually knew who they were
cuz obviously if the whole crew knew
then it probably would have got back to
the contestants and we wouldn't get this
really cool reaction we're about to see.
Oh my god.
>> To number 830 from season 1, who was one
decision away from winning $10 million,
could be back in [music] this
competition if one of you take her
$100,000 refit.
>> Yeah. I just like I can't wait for
season 3 because I want to see who are
the people from season 2 that people in
season 3 would react to like this. Oh,
you feel like it'll be an ongoing thing.
>> I don't know. But it's just like so cool
that we had people just in season one of
Beast Games and they're so well known
that this they elicit this kind of
reaction. You know what I mean? This is
cool. We were able to create this
>> along with 406, one of last season's
villains.
>> You were negotiating your own demise.
>> And he could be back causing more
[music]
this year.
>> 539
more contestants than anyone.
>> Oh, I forgot he did that. Yeah, that was
not received well on Twitter. [laughter]
of the strongest.
These captains rejected A MILLION
DOLLARS. THIS IS CRAZY.
>> Integrity is on pursuit.
>> And contestants
from the first season. These are
players.
>> I want to go watch season one again.
>> This competition. I'm [screaming] not in
this for material things.
>> And if you take their prize,
they will take your spot.
>> Oh my god.
Oh my god. Do we cliffhanger him? I
can't remember. Yeah, right after he
pulls it off.
>> Oh, boom. Season one winner.
>> The season 1 champion is [cheering]
back. These are the 10 players waiting
to take your spot. Definitely don't want
JC back. You already screwed.
>> One thing that's really interesting is
like these shots were actually taken a
day before.
>> Yeah, because you wanted to keep
momentum filming during this shot cuz
it's such a big moment, this big reveal
that you shot some of these like inserts
like the one of Jeff that tight because
there's no camera guy here. This shot I
think was filmed one day before.
>> Yeah. So, basically the day before we
had the 10 avocados come out on set,
pull their masks off so we could get
tights. So, like this. Yeah, you're
right. You'll see there's not a
cameraman there. So, that closeup we we
got the day before so we could splice it
in and really pull out the the emotion
>> cuz the momentum is so important on film
days. Like you need those contestants
energy and like this is like this was a
shock and so keeping that going. And so
now at the end of episode one, you have
all the OGs from season 1 that you
remember. You have a million dollars
sitting here. It's like it's really
good. I'm really happy with how we built
out episode one.
>> And now let's fast forward to the
dodgeball game where you had these red
lines show up to decide who's against
who.
>> The 18 of you are going to be playing
dodgeball until nine of you remain. But
this is no ordinary game of dodgeball. A
red line will randomly appear, splitting
you up into two teams. trying to get the
smokey ball first. So, we have to spread
out.
>> Before each round, you'll be moving in a
circle. So, when the floor changes, you
might not be on the team you expect. If
you get hit by a ball in any way,
you're eliminated.
Oh, it's win three. Oh.
>> So, what you're seeing here is uh
basically
we had mechanisms planned where, as
you'll see in this scene, you know,
there's now three lines for dodgeball
instead of two. and the lines kept going
up and up and up and up. That way, if
they all bunch together, eventually
there won't even be enough room for
multiple people to be in one quadrant if
it got that extreme. So, that was our
way of like a fail safe of forcing them
to play the game.
>> And then after this, we went back to B
City. And I thought it's so interesting
to see the comparisons of B City from
this year to last year. So, I pulled up
a clip of last year's B City. Like, what
were you thinking then versus like how
you kind of upleveled it for this
season?
>> Yeah. Wow. I mean, for for starters,
this is a really beautiful city. Like, I
don't want to speak negatively of season
one city to build up the season two city
because I actually think this is one of
the the things we definitely did really
well in in season one. Like, these
towers right here are phenomenal. The
amount of cool games and amazing shots
we got on these high-rise towers over
here. And I I really like the the design
of the city. The only real negative of
the city for me was it's just not very
thematic, right? Like season one, some
things felt very futuristic, like take
the cubes and there was like this crazy
futuristic set, but then this feels kind
of old school type beat and it was kind
of all over the place. So with season 2,
I wanted everything to be more thematic
and like the city is futuristic. The
sets are futuristic. It all just
coincides much better and that's as a
whole something I like better in season
2, but this is still a phenomenal
project.
>> Yeah.
>> And to show you what I mean. So this is
the season 2 one. uh futuristic sets,
weirdly enough, uh aren't like sharp
edges. So, you'll notice things are more
round. There's not like hard corners,
which that plus these like neon lights
and the color scheme here really gives
you a in the future vibe. Also, um when
you're watching the show, you might not
realize this, but this is the this
cannon scene here is in episode 4 where
they fire the cannons to go to the
island. This is cubes, which is in a
later episode. Over here is the obstacle
course. So all around the outside of the
city, we're building all the other sets
and the contestants don't know, right?
So we don't let them see any of that
when we put them in there. The walls of
the city right around here are to keep
them in so it's easy to track them, but
it's also so they can't see the games on
the outside. So they serve two purposes.
>> Yeah. Cuz you you would be building in
real time like here for episode 6 where
you had the floating set 100 ft in the
air, episode 4, like episode 3 like you
said, and then you know you take them I
remember with blindfolds through a lot
of these cars.
>> Yeah. through the game. So, they had no
idea what was about to happen once
they're out of the city.
>> Yeah. So, we uh when we first bombed to
the city, we did this walk up shot here.
And then after that, whenever they'd
leave the city, we'd black out cars.
We'd put blindfolds on them. It was like
they are free roaming in here. The
second they leave that gate, it is like
you can't see anything. So, let's go to
episode 4. As you can see, there are 10
cannons in front of you. And for this
game, I hit 10 cannonballs all around
THE CITY. FIRST 10 TO FIND THEM COMPETE
FOR A 1.8 8 MILLION PRIVATE ISLAND. Go
>> basketball. Oh, is there a kevl here?
>> NO WAY.
>> I'm guessing the answer is the code that
side 1624 28 23
12 36 618
>> Oh my god.
>> You solved the equation.
>> YES.
>> What the?
>> THREE CANNONBALLS REMAIN.
>> OKAY. YEAH. This is where they're all
searching for the cannonballs.
>> Is that cannonball? Congrats.
>> Let's go. 1.8. The season one winner
going to the other.
>> Yeah, the drone shots are crazy.
>> ONLY TWO CANNONBALLS REMAIN.
>> NO,
>> IT'S time for a clue. The final two
cannonballs are in the sand pit.
>> are in the sand. [laughter]
>> And here they come like a hord.
>> You know what's interesting is so the
the cannonballs are on equally opposite
sides. And so once one of them found
one, I was thinking, oh, a smart person
might deduce that it's on the equally
opposite side. That's just not what
happened. So maybe maybe we need smarter
people for season 3.
>> Zombies.
>> I GOT ONE.
>> KATIE'S GOT THE NINTH CANNONBALL. ONE
REMAINS. YOU HAVE A 1 IN 11 CHANCE AT
FINDING THE last cannonball to compete
for THE ISLAND. WHICH ONE OF YOU will
find it?
>> Where are they?
>> Found it. I found it.
>> Of course, JC finds the second cannibal.
to go to the island.
>> Yeah. Blast cannon.
>> Wait for this. This fireworks shot
coming up.
>> OH MY GOD. [screaming]
>> YOU ALL ARE MOVING ON TO THE ISLAND,
>> BRO. Once again, shout out to the
editing team. Look at that graphics. So
good.
>> And the other 10 OF YOU WHO FAILED TO
FIND A cannonball will have to stay back
in B city. CUE THE FIREWORKS SHOW.
>> Check this out. And [screaming]
So pretty.
>> They look so defeated.
>> I just did worse than
>> this shot right here is uh one of the
big differences uh between season 1 and
season two for me. Uh you're about to
see Jack here who's a massive Survivor
fan. They don't even know Survivor's
coming up, but you know, he really
wanted to compete for the island. He's
really really bummed that he didn't get
one of the cannibals. And just watch it.
other people. [music] Every smart person
found their own cannonball. I was the
only one that couldn't do it. So, that
hurts a lot.
>> Yeah. See how we really let that play
out even after he finished talking. We
didn't stop rolling and we just let it
play. And and you know what's
interesting is he said more after he
stopped speaking than he did when he was
speaking. And like that's a big thing I
want to incorporate more into our shows
is the the non-verbal communication that
you know is everything. He's he's really
sad.
>> And that's because like after this like
they all went to an island and little
didn't know but they were about to be
part of one of the biggest crossovers.
So this all teed up the big Survivor
collab where 10 of the people who got
the cannonballs went to the island.
>> This reveal. Yes. The man himself Jeff
Pro. What do you guys see over there?
>> They legit had no idea.
>> I love that effect.
>> Is that Jeff?
>> That's Jeff.
>> Jeff. No way. Yes, it is. [screaming]
>> Jeff and Jeff.
>> OH MY GOD. JEFF,
>> YOUR EYES DO NOT DECEIVE YOU. Welcome to
Survivor Beast Game Style.
>> Oh my [screaming] god. This moment right
here is such a cool Easter egg cuz Sue
was on Survivor.
>> Well, actually, watch this.
>> We partnered with one of the largest
shows ever programmed on television in
order to create the most insane
television crossover the world has ever
seen. Beast Games and Survivor FUSED
INTO ONE single groundbreaking episode.
And it could only be done with the
legend behind Survivor, Jeff Probes.
Were any of you expecting to see Jeff
from?
>> Really?
>> Sue, wait. So, you didn't recognize this
island cuz you've been
>> Yeah, she was Look, we had We show it
right here. She was literally in
Survivor.
>> SUE, YOU'VE WON INDIVIDUAL.
>> THE editing on this to show a flashback
and the match cut with the F. I mean,
>> oh my gosh. Wait, let's go frame by
frame on that. Wait, wait, wait for it.
Watch this. This is her. This is her in
Survivor 47, you know, way in the past.
Now, let's literally go. We'll go one
frame.
>> One frame. One frame. One frame. One
frame. Frame. Frame. Frame. Boom.
>> See how clean that is?
>> So good. Now, here. Let me All right.
Now, I'm going to do it now. Now, I'm
going to do it in normal speed. Watch
it.
>> Okay. Good luck,
>> bro. So good. Our editors are so
freaking good.
>> Look how uninterested I look. I'm just
like,
>> you're taking it in.
>> I'm just like, what is going on?
[laughter]
>> What? Wait, what is going on?
She grabs sand.
>> Yes, she has a little bit of an
advantage here.
>> Yeah, I was like not sure what she was
doing. So, you could clearly see that on
my face.
>> So, now like we went to Survivor, like
that was a high of highs. You know, you
gave away a $10 million coin. Uh, you
know, you gave an island away to Ian,
like $1.8 million. Now, we're going to
the low of lows. Like, you brought back
cubes and um you hit it. Then you had
this big reveal where all of a sudden
season 2 contends are like, "Oh my god,
we have to play."
>> Inside each cube is a pair of handcuffs.
Your goal is to decide which of the
three of you will handcuff themselves to
the wall, self-sacrificing and allowing
the other two members to move on in
beast games. I don't care if this
challenge takes all night. You will all
live in these cubes until one of you is
chained to the wall. There is a red
phone in each of your cubes. You may use
that phone to place a call and order
anything in the world that will help you
come to a decision about which of you
will be eliminated. Oh, dude. First
call, beast hotline.
>> Order number one. Can we get three very
comfortable chairs?
>> Okay, sounds good. Jack, Tyler, and Sue
decided to draw cards to determine which
of the three of them would be going
home. And that's when Jack did something
unexpected.
>> You guys want to do it? Pull the
band-aid off.
>> Do you want Do you want to flip them
onto the money? Low card goes home.
>> Yeah.
>> Yes. Ace is high, right?
>> This to me was probably one of the most
pivotal moments of the entire season.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Pivotal, but also but also a
very sad. So, this next scene we're
about to watch is uh [sighs]
pretty heartbreaking one because Sue
over here, very sweet lady, a big big
character in the show. Um she, you know,
trusts these two gentlemen very much.
And here, I'll just let you guys watch.
[music]
>> One, two, 3, go.
So, watch this. So,
Sue lost.
>> Oh, it's me. Look how heartbroken she
is.
>> That was so close.
Sue, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, [music]
sweetheart.
Sweetheart.
>> Oh my god.
Sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. She has no
idea
that that game was rigged and she
actually didn't lose a fair and square
game. That she was cheated out of an
opportunity of $5 million. There's 20
people left. She was cheated out of her
5% chance of one of the largest cash
prizes in the world. And
>> and I saw Sue after she got eliminated
and she had no idea.
>> Sue, do you think any differently of the
people you were in the queue with?
>> Oh, no. Yeah, I actually think
differently of them. They're the nicest
guys in the world and this is a game and
we played a fair game and I'm going home
with no money. It I mean so it really
sucks. I was hoping at least something
to help me in my retirement. You know
I'm 60 so I was really hoping to have
something.
>> How do you think about your retirement
now?
>> It's scary.
You know like I've always worked two
jobs. You know I work hard. I'm a hard
worker, [snorts] but I've never had the
money to really
like be financially secure. So, I'm
gonna just keep working, I guess,
[laughter]
which sort of sucks. I want to be able
to help my daughter and my mom,
and I'm not going to be able to.
>> But is that fair with this game?
>> Yeah, it's all fair. I mean, Jack didn't
do Jack didn't break any rules. He
didn't do anything that should
disqualify him. It's part of the game.
She didn't have to handcuff herself.
that was her own choosing. So Jack
technically by the book did nothing
wrong. But yeah, she thought she was
playing a fair game and you know um he
rigged it.
>> I wish you all the best.
>> Sue's going to watch this. What do you
want to say to her?
>> If you had pulled [music] the same move
on me, I'd be completely understanding.
I hope we can still be friends after
this.
>> I I don't know if you'll uh I don't know
about the whole friends thing.
>> So now let's fast forward to the episode
where you buried people alive.
>> Yep.
>> Go to your coffin. Woo!
>> It's time to bury nine contestants
alive. Everybody get in your coffins.
>> Each of these contestants is about to be
buried alive for real and they can
expect complete isolation in their cold
and lonely glass coffins. [music]
>> What was the inspiration for? What was
this the video that you buried yourself
alive in?
>> What What was the inspiration for
burying them alive? Hm. I've only been
buried alive multiple times. Um, yeah.
So, it's kind of synonymous with our
channel. But when we buried me alive, we
dug a hole 10 feet underground, put
20,000 lbs of dirt on top of me.
Obviously, you know, random contestants.
I'm not going to put 20,000 lbs of dirt
and put them 10 feet underground. I'm
just going to put 2,000 lbs of dirt in a
couple feet underground. You know what
I'm saying?
>> This is only like a few feet. And I I
mean, people should know this is like
mulch and like wood chips. And I
actually tested it out and I got buried
alive in the coffin just for a bit to
see how they brought in oxygen and kept
it safe.
>> Exactly. And in their case we use mulch.
In my case when I was buried alive we
used real dirt. In their case we use
mulch. So even if there something did
went wrong it would, you know, they
could easily dig out of it. And so
obviously the safety team would never
actually let me bury them 10 ft
underground with 20,000 lbs of dirt like
I did. But it's still really cool and
achieved the effect we wanted which is
we wanted straight isolation. We wanted
them in a different world far away from
the decisions about to be made.
>> We're going to show a few scenes from
the finale.
>> Let's not get too close to the finale.
You need to watch the show. We're not
trying to spoil it.
>> This game is as simple as it gets.
You'll be taking turns kicking balls at
each other's hearts. If your heart is
smashed, you'll lose $5 million, get
dropped in the void, and be gone from
season 2.
>> Like, this is watermark. It's like so
top secret, which is why you see a lot
of this here. But I'm curious to get
your thoughts on a few things, Jimmy. So
this happened in Saudi Arabia like we
were in a sound stage and what I thought
was really interesting is that this game
mirrors one of the finale games from
season one
>> was like like that intentional or like
what like it feels like poetic in some
way like tell me about how you're
thinking about finale episodes.
>> Well this game we played soccer right?
>> Yeah.
>> So we're in Saudi Arabia. You know who
else is in Saudi Arabia?
>> Ronaldo.
>> And I was throwing Hail Marys. I was
like praying maybe there's a shot we get
Ronaldo. And so for this game, I was
really hoping I could just pull a rabbit
out of my hat and get him there. I think
he was busy and he he couldn't make it.
Um but yeah, we were really just like
when we were designing and thinking of
the game, we were just really praying we
could have an auto show cuz you know how
cool that would have been. Um but yeah,
it it didn't end up working out.
>> Oh, so that's part of the reason why you
had the soccer ball because last year it
was basketball.
>> Exactly. Well, it was more it was uh
dodgeballs and they kind of like threw
it in the tubes and this time I was
like, yo, we get Ronaldo to show up and
then this time we kick it. It would have
been so epic. We just, you know, forgot
the Ronaldo part, but uh it still ended
up being really cool. All right, so this
next one, this one's a direct hit coming
up.
>> Boom.
>> Like not only the the heartbreak in that
moment, but it's just interesting the
hearts have become like this reoccurring
like character in throughout Beast Games
like in the way the survivor has the
torch.
>> Yeah.
>> Is that something you'll carry on?
>> So, we're still in the early stages of
Beast Games. I mean, we filmed season
one a year ago and so we're trying to
figure out what is the IP, what are the
consistent themes? Like every season is
going to be different, but you still
want core mechanics that people come to
love and expect that we innovate on. And
I like the idea of a heart representing
your life in a game cuz like in video
games, you have hearts. It's just
obvious, right? Your heart is your life
literally, right? And so it, you know,
when a heart gets smashed, you get
eliminated. I don't really know of other
shows that do that and I feel like
that's really cool. And so I kind of
want to make that a thing every season
of Beast Games. Hope you guys could tell
we poured everything we had into this.
And John, thanks for doing all the BTS.
This was awesome. I actually have a big
announcement, especially if you like
this breakdown video. So here's the
thing. We spent 45 days filming with
Jimmy to make the official [music] docu
series, The Making Up Beast Games, which
now has over 40 million views as many of
you guys have seen. But we also had so
much great footage that we had to cut.
So many great moments with Jimmy from
his biggest [music] YouTube shoots to
how he runs his business to even more
from Beast Game. So, I asked Jimmy, "Why
don't we do something with all that
amazing extra footage?" So, I'm excited
to announce we're actually debuting a
second docu series called 45 Days with
Mr. Beast right [music] here on this
channel that features in-depth
interviews, extended cuts from Beast
Game. We also went behind the scenes of
[music] Jimmy's biggest YouTube videos,
and more never-before-seen moments,
including a few surprises.
>> Oh my gosh, such a good moment.
>> Because I've seen so many comments about
our official docu series, including some
that said it should be nominated for an
Emmy, which is just crazy. And Jimmy
even told us that we somehow got a
Guinness World Record for largest
[music] behind the scenes crew.
>> This is official Guinness World Record.
Read that off to the camera.
>> Oh my god. Guinness World Record
certificate. The largest
behindthe-scenes [music]
crew on a competition reality TV show.
>> But I think that this second docu
series, 45 Days with Mr. Beast, shows a
whole another side of Jimmy and the
Beast team that we've never seen before.
So, [music] subscribe so you don't miss
the episodes coming on this channel. And
for now, I'm excited to share a first
look at our trailer.
>> How much money have I given away over my
career?
>> $10,000. $7,000 456,000
>> somewhere over $100 million. Very few
people know what a day of my life is
like. No one knows what 45 days are
like.
>> How we doing, Jimmy? It's nap time,
John. It's 5:00 a.m. And we're still not
done filming.
>> Good night.
[music]
>> What you're about to see is 45 days of
my life. This is going to be one of our
most videos. If something can go wrong,
it will go wrong. We're in a really bad
spot. YouTube shoots. Better be a
banger.
>> Beast games. Do you ever get emotionally
attached to contestants like [music]
that would hurt?
>> My personal life. Some of the lowest
points in my life, some of the highest
points in my life on display like never
before.
>> Do you still enjoy doing this?
>> Depends on the day.
>> I might be filming in five separate
states tomorrow. Guys, pray for me.
>> If you [music] like the BTS on my
channel, these are the extended cuts.
>> Here we go. I'm the director. I'm one of
the executive producers, the showrunner.
I met Jimmy. We're both about 8 years
old. We [music] had one leak. The
massive building is a sound stage for
the beast game.
>> We had someone sneak into our set. John
hits the hardest question. Yeah. So, no
one else will. That's why I I told him
to hang around.
>> Which of the news articles about you
hurt the most?
>> Oh my. Season one [music] was tens of
millions of dollars over budget.
>> Yeah. Whoops.
>> We have an imminent bad weather
situation
>> and it was the biggest storm in decades.
It was pouring [music]
and lightning seconds away from dumping
over a couple of million dollars worth
of gear. Oh my god. So all that [music]
water could break out.
>> Jimmy pause. Jimmy pause. All power and
control room went down.
>> We didn't know if that footage was gone.
We got a problem.
>> I never [music] get this kind of
accident. I'm a little scared.
>> Also, subscribe to him. He doesn't have
a million subscribers. It's kind of
pissing me off.
>> [laughter]